Final touches before we can do a release (#105)
xainag/xain: README.md

At present, the source code in this project demonstrates the effectiveness of our FedML implementation on well known benchmarks using a realistic deep learning model structure. We will soon add a link to details on those experiments.

In the future, we will open source here a first minimal viable product for this layer. And we will add links to articles and papers that describe our approaches to networking, architecture, and privacy-preserving technology. We will also provide references to legal opinions about how and why our compliance layer for machine learning meets the demands of GDPR.

> POLITE NOTE: We want to point out that running the benchmarks as described below is consuming considerable resources. XAIN cannot take any responsibilities for costs that arise for you when you execute these demanding machine-learning benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
POLITE NOTE: We want to point out that running the benchmarks as described below consume considerable resources. XAIN cannot take any responsibilities for costs that arise for you when you execute these demanding machine-learning benchmarks.
```
_consume_
